readme.md, before:

# Hangman

## Some requirements
- Write a hangman game (try writing some components test-first with ??)
- Apply OO principles?? Or best / better principles for JS
- code reviews - get someone to review?


User stories:

- [x]  As a hangman player, I would like to be able to start a new game of hangman
  - `node hangman.js`
  - can you add make do what Ruby does and just have `hangman`

- [x] As a hangman player, I would like to see some indication of how many letters there are in the word that I am supposed to guess

- [ ] As a hangman player, I want to submit one letter guesses and be told whether my guess is either in the word, not in the word, or already guessed

- [ ] As a hangman player, I want the game to handle bad input (like numbers, symbols, and letters I've previously guessed) gracefully and with an appropriate error message so that I am not punished unduly for mistakes

- [ ] As a hangman player, I want to see the letters I've guessed correctly revealed on the hidden word that I am trying to guess so that I can guess the word more readily

- [ ] As a hangman player, I want to see the letters I've guessed incorrectly so that I don't guess the same wrong letter again

- [ ] As a hangman player, I would like to see how many lives are remaining

- [ ] As a hangman player, I must have 1 life deducted every time I make an incorrect guess of a letter that I have not already guessed

- [ ] As a hangman player, I want the game to end when I have run out of lives

- [ ] As a hangman player, I want the game to end when I have guessed the full word

Commit message:

Tidy up hangman game, remove  web page

readme.md, after:

# Hangman

To start a game run `node hangman.js`.

You do not need to do `npm install`.

## Some requirements

- Write a hangman game (try writing some components test-first with ??)
- Apply OO principles?? Or best / better principles for JS
- code reviews - get someone to review?

User stories:

- [x]  As a hangman player, I would like to be able to start a new game of hangman
  - `node hangman.js`
  - ? can you add make do what Ruby does and just have `hangman`?

- [x] As a hangman player, I would like to see some indication of how many letters there are in the word that I am supposed to guess

- [ ] As a hangman player, I want to submit one letter guesses and be told whether my guess is either in the word, not in the word, or already guessed

- [ ] As a hangman player, I want the game to handle bad input (like numbers, symbols, and letters I've previously guessed) gracefully and with an appropriate error message so that I am not punished unduly for mistakes

- [ ] As a hangman player, I want to see the letters I've guessed correctly revealed on the hidden word that I am trying to guess so that I can guess the word more readily

- [ ] As a hangman player, I want to see the letters I've guessed incorrectly so that I don't guess the same wrong letter again

- [ ] As a hangman player, I would like to see how many lives are remaining

- [ ] As a hangman player, I must have 1 life deducted every time I make an incorrect guess of a letter that I have not already guessed

- [ ] As a hangman player, I want the game to end when I have run out of lives

- [ ] As a hangman player, I want the game to end when I have guessed the full word
